adding more meta documentation (#395)
ethereum-optimism/superchain-registry: superchain/extra/README.MD

# extra

This is a collection of extra configuration data because not all address and system-config information is available through L1 for some chains.

- [addresses.json](./addresses/addresses.json): L1 Smart Contract addresses for each network.

> - [bytecodes](./bytecodes/): The bytecode that is pulled into the compressed genesis system configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [bytecodes](./bytecodes/): The full bytecode that is factored out of compressed genesis system configuration file. Not designed for human consumption.
```

> - [genesis](./genesis/): Compressed genesis system configuration data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [genesis](./genesis/): Compressed genesis system configuration data. Not designed for human consumption.
```

# extra

This is a collection of extra configuration data because not all address and system-config information is available through L1 for some chains.

> - [addresses](./addresses/): L1 Smart Contract addresses on for each network, grouped by Superchain target.

Reviewer 2: This information now lives in the toml config files so this dir should not be referenced

- [bytecodes](./bytecodes/): The bytecode that is pulled into the compressed genesis system configuration file.
- [genesis](./genesis/): Compressed genesis system configuration data.

> - [genesis-system-configs](./genesis-system-configs/): Networks additional system configuration information.

Reviewer 2: This information now lives in the toml config files so this dir should not be referenced
